Add (#8651)
paritytech/polkadot-sdk: cumulus/polkadot-omni-node/README.md

### 2. Generate a chain spec

> Omni Node expects for the chain spec to contain a JSON key called `relay_chain`. This is usually set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Omni Node requires the chain spec to include a JSON key named  `relay_chain`. This is usually set
```

to a chain id, mapped out by the [load_spec](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/master/polkadot/cli/src/command.rs#L77)

> to a chain spec object corresponding to the picked relaychain.

Reviewer: Would you please rephrase this sentence, not sure if I understand:
"This is usually set
to a chain id, mapped out by the [load_spec](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/master/polkadot/cli/src/command.rs#L77)
to a chain spec object corresponding to the picked relaychain."

I also think we should not give references to the code (also in master the code can be moved). Maybe better name the CLI option?

Reviewer: `load_spec` function is part of some CLI commands, e.g. `Subcommand::ExportChainSpec`. Referencing their names  (as user see them on the CLI) would be more readable then code maybe.

Author: > Referencing their names (as user see them on the CLI) would be more readable then code maybe.

As a matter of fact, we might be able to export some of that code into a "doc" oriented section, with docify. I'll investigate. Maybe this is what you had in mind?

Reviewer: What I had in mind is not referencing the code in the readme of the tool ;). How this hepls to onboard new users? We should simplify, and lower the entry barrier. Up to you.

Author: > What I had in mind is not referencing the code in the readme of the tool ;). How this hepls to onboard new users? 

We're on the same page here. I think we can definitely do better. Will ping when I have something to show

Author: Added the actual chain ids literally in the docs, except `versi`, which I haven't seen it used that much in the context of testing of the parachains: [81c2a1b](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/8651/commits/81c2a1bfc19dabf57ec9cccdd01e600902caa81f). And totally unrelated, I also thought there is a gap when considering local testing, where `westend-local/rococo-local` are missing from the default `polkadot-omni-node` build, while they are enabled for `polkadot-parachain`, so decided to mention and enable them. I don't plan to do more docs for chain ids for now.

Resolving this but please lmk if you have feedback. Would be happy to reopen, discuss and incorporate.

The field can be introduced by running [`staging-chain-spec-builder`](https://crates.io/crates/staging-chain-spec-builder)
with a flag:

```bash
chain-spec-builder create --relay-chain <relay_chain_id> -r <runtime.wasm> named-preset <preset_name>
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we should keep `para_id` in this section and just add some note about its deprecation?

It is still supported - and omni node can be used by runtime owners not wanting to migrate their runtime now. Would be good to have clear instruction how to build chain-spec with `para_id`.

I found it a  bit confusing in current shape (that's why I  commented [here](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/8651#issuecomment-2938872190) )

Author: [ca97051](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/8651/commits/ca97051cf81943aaf4786ef49978e929c63d1759)
